---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---
AMP was first conceived and created in collaboration with the OECD, World Bank, UNDP, and Governments of Ethiopia and India. Anchored in the principles of the global aid effectiveness agenda, as expressed in The Paris Declaration, and specifically focused on country ownership of the development process and alignment of aid with country priorities to improve effectiveness.

The AMP platform is an open-source, modular, web-based tool that is compatible with all leading internet browsers and can be configured to enable mobile browsing. It offers centralized access to projects and related information, which can be viewed and managed via an easy-to-use web interface. The system allows for financial flow planning and reconciliation, project tracking, and document management - and can be expanded over time to track more complex information as data needs evolve. It provides a convenient and efficient virtual workspace for government employees managing aid resources, from the planning through the implementation phase, thereby reducing the Ministry's duplication of effort and lowering transaction costs.

AMP has a strong record of independent country ownership and sustainability and helps governments and development partners gather, access, and monitor information on development activities, with the overarching goal of increasing aid effectiveness. With the AMP software, users can track specific activities through the planning, implementation, and evaluation stages. Additionally, with features such as online workspaces, data entry, reporting, plus interactive dashboards and maps, country-level decision-makers can better track how international aid is directed throughout the country.

The AMP includes not just software, but also training, ongoing support, and a peer network of other AMP country partners. We work closely with our AMP partners to develop Data Management Plans that create processes and policies to encourage system use. We also provide hands-on training for government and development partners (including training for business users, administrators, CSO, and other public users, and IT training), ongoing technical and advisory support, policy support for program management, data quality review
<center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xsfuL_k-WEI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>